README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/PHq8Kfj_)

# TypeScript Project

## TypeScript ESLint

This project follows the [TypeScript ESLint](https://typescript-eslint.io/) setup for linting TypeScript code.

### Installation

To install TypeScript ESLint and its dependencies, use the following commands:

```bash
# Install TypeScript ESLint globally (if not installed)
npm install -g typescript-eslint

# Install project dependencies
npm install
```

### Usage

To run TypeScript ESLint and lint the project, use the following command:

```bash
# Run TypeScript ESLint
npx eslint riceCooker.ts 
```

## Coding Standard

This project adheres to the [TypeScript ESLint Standard](https://typescript-eslint.io/) for maintaining a consistent coding style.

## Installation and Execution

1. Ensure you have Node.js and npm installed. If not, download and install them from [Node.js official website](https://nodejs.org/).
2. Install TypeScript and ts-node globally:

    ```bash
    npm install -g typescript ts-node
    ```

3. Open a terminal or command prompt.
4. Navigate to the project directory.
5. Install project dependencies:

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

6. Execute the program using ts-node:

    ```bash
    ts-node riceCooker.ts
    ```

Commit message:

feat: rice cooker program in Ruby

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/PHq8Kfj_)

# Ruby Project

## Ruby RuboCop

This project follows the [Ruby RuboCop](https://rubocop.org/) setup for linting Ruby code.

### Installation

To install Ruby RuboCop and its dependencies, use the following commands:

```bash
# Install Ruby RuboCop globally (if not installed)
gem install rubocop

# Install project dependencies
bundle install
```

### Usage

To run Ruby RuboCop and lint the project, use the following command:

```bash
# Run Ruby RuboCop
rubocop
```

## Coding Standard

This project adheres to the [Ruby RuboCop Standard](https://rubocop.org/) for maintaining a consistent coding style.

## Installation and Execution

1. Ensure you have Ruby installed. If not, download and install it from [Ruby official website](https://www.ruby-lang.org/).
2. Install Bundler (if not installed):

    ```bash
    gem install bundler
    ```

3. Open a terminal or command prompt.
4. Navigate to the project directory.
5. Install project dependencies:

    ```bash
    bundle install
    ```

6. Execute the program:

    ```bash
    ruby rice_cooker.rb
    ```

Ensure that you have Ruby and Bundler installed on your system to execute this project. This setup maintains a consistent coding style using Ruby RuboCop.
